

Today in the news: Linktree boss declares business is not redundant after Instagram copies its best-known feature, Billionaire Twitter owner Elon Musk sounds warning bells on the dangers of artificial intelligence to humanity, and Is your smart car spying on you while you drive?
 

 


The boss of $US1.3 billion Melbourne-based social media start-up Linktree has declared his business is not redundant after Instagram copied its best-known feature. Linktree allows users to create simple websites that collate links to their other online pages and took off among Instagram influencers who wanted to direct followers to their sponsors and other websites but were held back by Instagram only permitting one link in each user’s biography section. On Wednesday, Meta boss Mark Zuckerberg announced Instagram users would be allowed five links on their profile.
 
 a tweet Monday night, saying that he “didn’t agree with some of what OpenAI was doing.”

Billionaire Twitter owner Elon Musk is again sounding warning bells on the dangers of artificial intelligence to humanity. In an interview with Fox News host Tucker Carlson, Musk said he plans to create an alternative to the popular AI chatbot ChatGPT that he is calling “TruthGPT,” which will be a “maximum truth-seeking AI that tries to understand the nature of the universe.” The idea, Musk said, is that an AI that wants to understand humanity is less likely to destroy it. Musk also said he’s worried that ChatGPT “is being trained to be politically correct.” In the first of a two-part interview with Carlson, Musk also advocated for the regulation of artificial intelligence, saying he’s a “big fan.” He called AI “more dangerous” than cars or rockets and said it has the potential to destroy humanity.
 
ersatz control panel in the middle of your dashboard,” says Paul Marks, a technology writer and former editor of New Scientist.

This summarization is about the article, "Is your smart car spying on you while you drive?" The article discusses how data from cars is valuable to companies, and how Tesla employees found footage of a white Lotus Esprit in Elon Musk's garage. The article also discusses how cars are fitted with telematics black boxes that record a vehicle's location and how it is driven, and how these systems are becoming more commonplace.
 

 
tap to insert a photo or a table, or to paste in text from a different document.

The article discusses the various features of e-notepads and how they are becoming increasingly popular as a replacement for paper notepads. E-notepads have many benefits over paper notepads, including the ability to easily delete and move text, as well as the ability to sync with a computer.